1) Javelinist: Part one - Jacques joins Miraval Academy and met Chad Rolandsson.

2) Javelinist: Part Two - The 'Baptism.'

3) Javelinist: Part Three - First lesson and Jacques gets a job.

4) Gravedigger - First visit at the 'Blue Bird Experience.'

5) Scarecrow: Part One - Rough breakfast.

6) Scarecrow: Part Two - 'Mementos' assigment.

7) Shining Star: Part One - Class S first dungeon raid.

8) Shining Star: Part Two - The date of light and darkness.

9) Raging Hornet: Part One - Connor's check up at Miraval Hospital and Academy's budjet allocation.

10) Raging Hornet: Part Two - The Seven Husbands of the Emerland Empress and Class F fiurst dungeon raid.

11) Raging Phoenix: Part One - Visiting Shadow Eye at the Asylum and Ælfgifu's midnight rendezvous.

12) Raging Phoenix: Part Two - Search and Rescue operation in the Pacific Archipelago.

13) Raging Phoenix: Part Three - First Battle at the Imperfect Temple.

14) Raging Phoenix: Part Four - All the Emperor's Men.

15) Raging Phoenix: Part Five - Second Battle at the Imperfect Temple.

16) Masseur: Part One - [Redacted by the Stasi] and the tragedy of the 'Sigma Singularity.'

17) Masseur: Part Two - Courses selection.

18) Masseur: Part Three - Class E gym training, feet massage, and the secret meeting between a resurrect man and a dead-man-walking.

19) Fighting Critique: Part One - Miraval Scrumble.

20) Fighting Critique: Part Two - Selling Hot-Dog at the Stadium.

21) Fighting Critique: Part Three - Jacques in the lair of the Eldrich Abomination.

22) Fighting Critique: Part Four - 'Hunter's Paradise.'

23) Man: Part one - Economy lesson.

24) Man: Part Two - Visit at the civil War exibition at the Miraval Museum and jacques desacrates a tomb.

25) Ego Wtich: Part one - Islands hpping in the middle of the desert.

26) Ego Witch: Part Two - The MIMT discuess if use a anti-magic bomb to break the siege while Jacques prepares his own plan to save the city.

27) Ego Witch: Part Three - Jacques and Carmen infiltrate on the Jaggernaut and dine together with the CCCP officials.

28) Ego Witch: Part Four - Different prospectives of a the 'Wonderful Siege.'

29) Ego Witch: Part Five - 'The Hunt for Blue Midnight.'

30) Sinful Blade: Part One - The star, the wolf, and their teamates, embark in the deep of the Natural Reserve.

31) Sinful Blade: Part Two - The team divide and the monsters strike.

32) Sinful Blade: Part Three - Jacques and little black cat form and alliance inside the forest.

33) Sinful Blade: Part Four - An euthanasia for a dead man.

35) Hero: Part One - Australians visit 'Miraval City.'

36) Hero: Part Two - Two retards fighting (Staged)
